"Can I use Nano Stores in `.astro` files?" (#1233)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/sharing-state.md

- [Solid signals](https://www.solidjs.com/docs/latest) outside of a component context
- [Sending custom browser events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events/Creating_and_triggering_events) between components

:::note[FAQ]

<details>
<summary>**🙋 Can I use Nano Stores in `.astro` files or other server-side components?**</summary>

Nano Stores _can_ be imported, written to, and read from in server-side components, **but we don't recommend it!** This is due to a few restrictions:
- Writing to a store from a `.astro` file or [non-hydrated component](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/#hydrating-interactive-components) will _not_ affect the value received by [client-side components](/en/reference/directives-reference/#client-directives).
- You cannot pass a Nano Store as a "prop" to client-side components.

> - You cannot subscribe to store changes from a `.astro` file, since Astro components do not rerender.

Reviewer: I would change this to "re-render" instead, so it's consistent with the other pages.
```suggestion
- You cannot subscribe to store changes from a `.astro` file, since Astro components do not re-render.
```
